
1 context>  I'm looking for a local place to dine in the centre that serves chinese food.
1 answer>  Do you have a price range preference?I have [choice] restaurants that meet that criteria. Do you have a price range preference?
2 context>  I'm looking for a local place to dine in the centre that serves chinese food. I have restaurants matching your criteria in all price ranges. Do you have a preference on price? I need the address, postcode and the price range.
2 answer> I have [choice] restaurants matching your criteria. Would you like to book one?
3 context>  I'm looking for a local place to dine in the centre that serves chinese food. I have restaurants matching your criteria in all price ranges. Do you have a preference on price? I need the address, postcode and the price range. Ok how about Charlie Chan, located at Regent Street City Centre. Postcode is cb21db with a cheap price. Can I help you further today? I also need a train. The train should leave after 16:15 and should leave on sunday.
3 answer>  Where are you departing from and where are you going?Where are you headed?
4 context>  I'm looking for a local place to dine in the centre that serves chinese food. I have restaurants matching your criteria in all price ranges. Do you have a preference on price? I need the address, postcode and the price range. Ok how about Charlie Chan, located at Regent Street City Centre. Postcode is cb21db with a cheap price. Can I help you further today? I also need a train. The train should leave after 16:15 and should leave on sunday. Can I have more information for the train you're needing? Where are you departing from and arriving to? I am leaving from Cambridge and going to Norwich.
4 answer> What time would you like to arrive by?
5 context>  I'm looking for a local place to dine in the centre that serves chinese food. I have restaurants matching your criteria in all price ranges. Do you have a preference on price? I need the address, postcode and the price range. Ok how about Charlie Chan, located at Regent Street City Centre. Postcode is cb21db with a cheap price. Can I help you further today? I also need a train. The train should leave after 16:15 and should leave on sunday. Can I have more information for the train you're needing? Where are you departing from and arriving to? I am leaving from Cambridge and going to Norwich. I have train TR1840 leaving at 16:36 is that okay? book for 5 people and get me the reference number
5 answer> ?Your booking was successful. The total fee is [price] payable at the station. Your reference number is [ref].
6 context>  I'm looking for a local place to dine in the centre that serves chinese food. I have restaurants matching your criteria in all price ranges. Do you have a preference on price? I need the address, postcode and the price range. Ok how about Charlie Chan, located at Regent Street City Centre. Postcode is cb21db with a cheap price. Can I help you further today? I also need a train. The train should leave after 16:15 and should leave on sunday. Can I have more information for the train you're needing? Where are you departing from and arriving to? I am leaving from Cambridge and going to Norwich. I have train TR1840 leaving at 16:36 is that okay? book for 5 people and get me the reference number You're all set. Reference number is NJB87PAP . Is there anything else I can help you with today? No, this is all I will need. Thank you.
6 answer> Have a great day!You're welcome. Have a great day!
7 context> My husband and I are celebrating our anniversary and want to find a great place to stay in town.
7 answer>  What area of town will you be staying in?What price range are you looking for?
8 context>  My husband and I are celebrating our anniversary and want to find a great place to stay in town. Congratulations on your upcoming anniversary! Cambridge offers a variety of lodging options, what is your price range? I would like a 4 star guesthouse that includes free parking.
8 answer> I have [choice] [type] that meet your criteria. Do you have a preference on the area of town?
9 context>  My husband and I are celebrating our anniversary and want to find a great place to stay in town. Congratulations on your upcoming anniversary! Cambridge offers a variety of lodging options, what is your price range? I would like a 4 star guesthouse that includes free parking. I have several options for you, is there a particular area you are interested in during your stay? yes should be in the west
9 answer> .How about [name]?
10 context>  My husband and I are celebrating our anniversary and want to find a great place to stay in town. Congratulations on your upcoming anniversary! Cambridge offers a variety of lodging options, what is your price range? I would like a 4 star guesthouse that includes free parking. I have several options for you, is there a particular area you are interested in during your stay? yes should be in the west I have one guesthouse that fits that criteria, Finches Bed and Breakfast. Would you like me to book for you? Yes, please! We'll arrive on Monday and stay 2 nights. Just the two of us, of course!
10 answer>  Your reference number is [ref].Great! I was able to book you for [bookstay] nights at [name]. Your reference number is [ref]. Is there anything else I can help you with?
11 context>  My husband and I are celebrating our anniversary and want to find a great place to stay in town. Congratulations on your upcoming anniversary! Cambridge offers a variety of lodging options, what is your price range? I would like a 4 star guesthouse that includes free parking. I have several options for you, is there a particular area you are interested in during your stay? yes should be in the west I have one guesthouse that fits that criteria, Finches Bed and Breakfast. Would you like me to book for you? Yes, please! We'll arrive on Monday and stay 2 nights. Just the two of us, of course! Ok, your hotel stay at Finches Bed and Breakfast is booked, Reference number FKRO2HOW . Will there be anything else? I am wanting to know more about the Cambridge Museum of Technology.
11 answer> It is located in the [area] and has [entrancefee] admission.It is located at [address] and has [entrancefee].
12 context>  My husband and I are celebrating our anniversary and want to find a great place to stay in town. Congratulations on your upcoming anniversary! Cambridge offers a variety of lodging options, what is your price range? I would like a 4 star guesthouse that includes free parking. I have several options for you, is there a particular area you are interested in during your stay? yes should be in the west I have one guesthouse that fits that criteria, Finches Bed and Breakfast. Would you like me to book for you? Yes, please! We'll arrive on Monday and stay 2 nights. Just the two of us, of course! Ok, your hotel stay at Finches Bed and Breakfast is booked, Reference number FKRO2HOW . Will there be anything else? I am wanting to know more about the Cambridge Museum of Technology. Sure, it's located in the centre area of town. The phone number is 01223368650. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. What is the address, please.
12 answer> The address is [address].The address is [address].
13 context>  My husband and I are celebrating our anniversary and want to find a great place to stay in town. Congratulations on your upcoming anniversary! Cambridge offers a variety of lodging options, what is your price range? I would like a 4 star guesthouse that includes free parking. I have several options for you, is there a particular area you are interested in during your stay? yes should be in the west I have one guesthouse that fits that criteria, Finches Bed and Breakfast. Would you like me to book for you? Yes, please! We'll arrive on Monday and stay 2 nights. Just the two of us, of course! Ok, your hotel stay at Finches Bed and Breakfast is booked, Reference number FKRO2HOW . Will there be anything else? I am wanting to know more about the Cambridge Museum of Technology. Sure, it's located in the centre area of town. The phone number is 01223368650. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. What is the address, please. The address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane. Did you want any more information about the museum? Yes, I need the entrance fee. I will also need a taxi to pick me up by 24:30. I need the contact number and car type please.
13 answer>  have booked you a [type]. The contact number is [phone].
14 context>  My husband and I are celebrating our anniversary and want to find a great place to stay in town. Congratulations on your upcoming anniversary! Cambridge offers a variety of lodging options, what is your price range? I would like a 4 star guesthouse that includes free parking. I have several options for you, is there a particular area you are interested in during your stay? yes should be in the west I have one guesthouse that fits that criteria, Finches Bed and Breakfast. Would you like me to book for you? Yes, please! We'll arrive on Monday and stay 2 nights. Just the two of us, of course! Ok, your hotel stay at Finches Bed and Breakfast is booked, Reference number FKRO2HOW . Will there be anything else? I am wanting to know more about the Cambridge Museum of Technology. Sure, it's located in the centre area of town. The phone number is 01223368650. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. What is the address, please. The address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane. Did you want any more information about the museum? Yes, I need the entrance fee. I will also need a taxi to pick me up by 24:30. I need the contact number and car type please. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Can you book the taxi for me at 24:30 leaving from the museum please. I will need the contact number and the car type.
14 answer>  have booked your taxi. Be expecting a [type]. Please call [phone] should you need to reach them.
15 context>  My husband and I are celebrating our anniversary and want to find a great place to stay in town. Congratulations on your upcoming anniversary! Cambridge offers a variety of lodging options, what is your price range? I would like a 4 star guesthouse that includes free parking. I have several options for you, is there a particular area you are interested in during your stay? yes should be in the west I have one guesthouse that fits that criteria, Finches Bed and Breakfast. Would you like me to book for you? Yes, please! We'll arrive on Monday and stay 2 nights. Just the two of us, of course! Ok, your hotel stay at Finches Bed and Breakfast is booked, Reference number FKRO2HOW . Will there be anything else? I am wanting to know more about the Cambridge Museum of Technology. Sure, it's located in the centre area of town. The phone number is 01223368650. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. What is the address, please. The address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane. Did you want any more information about the museum? Yes, I need the entrance fee. I will also need a taxi to pick me up by 24:30. I need the contact number and car type please. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Can you book the taxi for me at 24:30 leaving from the museum please. I will need the contact number and the car type. and what is your destination ? I will leave the Cambridge Museum at 24:30, going to the the Finches Bed and Breakfast.
15 answer> have booked your taxi. Be expecting a [type]. Please call [phone] should you need to reach them.
16 context>  My husband and I are celebrating our anniversary and want to find a great place to stay in town. Congratulations on your upcoming anniversary! Cambridge offers a variety of lodging options, what is your price range? I would like a 4 star guesthouse that includes free parking. I have several options for you, is there a particular area you are interested in during your stay? yes should be in the west I have one guesthouse that fits that criteria, Finches Bed and Breakfast. Would you like me to book for you? Yes, please! We'll arrive on Monday and stay 2 nights. Just the two of us, of course! Ok, your hotel stay at Finches Bed and Breakfast is booked, Reference number FKRO2HOW . Will there be anything else? I am wanting to know more about the Cambridge Museum of Technology. Sure, it's located in the centre area of town. The phone number is 01223368650. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. What is the address, please. The address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane. Did you want any more information about the museum? Yes, I need the entrance fee. I will also need a taxi to pick me up by 24:30. I need the contact number and car type please. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Can you book the taxi for me at 24:30 leaving from the museum please. I will need the contact number and the car type. and what is your destination ? I will leave the Cambridge Museum at 24:30, going to the the Finches Bed and Breakfast. Your taxi has been booked. It will be a grey volvo and the contact number is 07239297218. Thanks so much. That is all I need for today. Bye.
16 answer> ank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
17 context> I need a taxi to come to backstreet bistro by 19:30.
17 answer>  What is your departure site?I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
18 context>  I need a taxi to come to backstreet bistro by 19:30. Where would you be coming from? I'm coming from sesame restaurant and bar.
18 answer> I can help with that. Where are you coming from?
19 context>  I need a taxi to come to backstreet bistro by 19:30. Where would you be coming from? I'm coming from sesame restaurant and bar. I can book you a Grey BMW with the contact number 07216877402. Is there anything else I can do for you today? Nope, that is everything! Thanks!
19 answer> You're welcome! Have a great day!
20 context> I'm looking for a place to go in the west of town.
20 answer>  What type of attraction are you interested in?There are [choice] different types of attractions in the [area]. What type of attraction are you interested in?
21 context>  I'm looking for a place to go in the west of town. Do you have a specific place in mind that you will like to visit? A college I think would be best.
21 answer> I have [choice] [type] in the [area]. [name] is [entrancefee] and [name] is [entrancefee].
22 context>  I'm looking for a place to go in the west of town. Do you have a specific place in mind that you will like to visit? A college I think would be best. There are five colleges in that area that you can visit. Three of them are free to visit and two have a small entrance fee. What is your preference as far as that goes? can i get the college's phone number. i am also looking for a train to birmingham new street and should depart from cambridge looking for a train
22 answer> ?[name] is in the [area] and has [entrancefee] admission. The phone number is [phone].
23 context>  I'm looking for a place to go in the west of town. Do you have a specific place in mind that you will like to visit? A college I think would be best. There are five colleges in that area that you can visit. Three of them are free to visit and two have a small entrance fee. What is your preference as far as that goes? can i get the college's phone number. i am also looking for a train to birmingham new street and should depart from cambridge looking for a train The phone for Churchill College is 01223336233. As far as the train goes, what day and time would you like to travel? I would like to leave on Sunday and arrive by 17:15.
23 answer> There are [choice] trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by departure time or arrival time?
24 context>  I'm looking for a place to go in the west of town. Do you have a specific place in mind that you will like to visit? A college I think would be best. There are five colleges in that area that you can visit. Three of them are free to visit and two have a small entrance fee. What is your preference as far as that goes? can i get the college's phone number. i am also looking for a train to birmingham new street and should depart from cambridge looking for a train The phone for Churchill College is 01223336233. As far as the train goes, what day and time would you like to travel? I would like to leave on Sunday and arrive by 17:15. Okay, I have a train leaving at 14:01 and arriving by 16:44. Would you like me to book it for you? No, but could you please show me the specific travel time?
24 answer> The travel time is [duration].
25 context>  I'm looking for a place to go in the west of town. Do you have a specific place in mind that you will like to visit? A college I think would be best. There are five colleges in that area that you can visit. Three of them are free to visit and two have a small entrance fee. What is your preference as far as that goes? can i get the college's phone number. i am also looking for a train to birmingham new street and should depart from cambridge looking for a train The phone for Churchill College is 01223336233. As far as the train goes, what day and time would you like to travel? I would like to leave on Sunday and arrive by 17:15. Okay, I have a train leaving at 14:01 and arriving by 16:44. Would you like me to book it for you? No, but could you please show me the specific travel time? The travel duration is 163 minutes, is there anything else I can do for you? No, that is all. Thank you! Goodbye!
25 answer> Thank you for using our system!
26 context> I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre.
26 answer>  What type of food are you looking for?There are [choice] restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by food type?
27 context>  I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre. I can recommend several restaurants in the centre of town. Are you looking for any type of food in particular Yes, Caribbean food please.
27 answer> I'm sorry, but there are no Caribbean restaurants in the centre of town. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
28 context>  I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre. I can recommend several restaurants in the centre of town. Are you looking for any type of food in particular Yes, Caribbean food please. There is no matching restaurant. Would you like to change your search criteria? What about a restaurant that serves european food?
28 answer> [name] is a [pricerange] restaurant in the [area] that serves [food] food.
29 context>  I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre. I can recommend several restaurants in the centre of town. Are you looking for any type of food in particular Yes, Caribbean food please. There is no matching restaurant. Would you like to change your search criteria? What about a restaurant that serves european food? I found 2 expensive european restaurants and 1 expensive modern european restaurant. Which kind would you prefer? I don't have a preference.
29 answer> [name] is a [pricerange] restaurant in the [area] that serves [food] food. Would you like their address?
30 context>  I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre. I can recommend several restaurants in the centre of town. Are you looking for any type of food in particular Yes, Caribbean food please. There is no matching restaurant. Would you like to change your search criteria? What about a restaurant that serves european food? I found 2 expensive european restaurants and 1 expensive modern european restaurant. Which kind would you prefer? I don't have a preference. Okay, I can book your table at Eraina. They serve european food. How many in your party, what day and time please? I would like to book for Tuesday at 12:45.
30 answer> How many people would you like to book for?
31 context>  I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre. I can recommend several restaurants in the centre of town. Are you looking for any type of food in particular Yes, Caribbean food please. There is no matching restaurant. Would you like to change your search criteria? What about a restaurant that serves european food? I found 2 expensive european restaurants and 1 expensive modern european restaurant. Which kind would you prefer? I don't have a preference. Okay, I can book your table at Eraina. They serve european food. How many in your party, what day and time please? I would like to book for Tuesday at 12:45. Are you looking to book for just yourself? Yes. Just one person.
31 answer> Your table is reserved for 15 minutes at [name]. Your reference number is [ref]. Can I help you with anything else?
32 context>  I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre. I can recommend several restaurants in the centre of town. Are you looking for any type of food in particular Yes, Caribbean food please. There is no matching restaurant. Would you like to change your search criteria? What about a restaurant that serves european food? I found 2 expensive european restaurants and 1 expensive modern european restaurant. Which kind would you prefer? I don't have a preference. Okay, I can book your table at Eraina. They serve european food. How many in your party, what day and time please? I would like to book for Tuesday at 12:45. Are you looking to book for just yourself? Yes. Just one person. Great your reference number is 2K1P6FTA . Thank you. I also need to find a train from stansted airport to cambridge that arrives by 8:00 on tuesday.
32 answer> What time would you like to leave?I have [choice] trains that match your request. The earliest leaves at [leaveat] and arrives at [arriveby]. Would you like me to book that for you?
33 context>  I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre. I can recommend several restaurants in the centre of town. Are you looking for any type of food in particular Yes, Caribbean food please. There is no matching restaurant. Would you like to change your search criteria? What about a restaurant that serves european food? I found 2 expensive european restaurants and 1 expensive modern european restaurant. Which kind would you prefer? I don't have a preference. Okay, I can book your table at Eraina. They serve european food. How many in your party, what day and time please? I would like to book for Tuesday at 12:45. Are you looking to book for just yourself? Yes. Just one person. Great your reference number is 2K1P6FTA . Thank you. I also need to find a train from stansted airport to cambridge that arrives by 8:00 on tuesday. Alright, there are three different trains leaving that morning that will get you there on time. Each one has a duration of twenty-eight minutes, should I book one of them? Yes please, just one ticket. Could I get the reference number for the train you book please?
33 answer> ooking was successful, the total fee is [price] payable at the station. Reference number is : [ref].
34 context>  I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre. I can recommend several restaurants in the centre of town. Are you looking for any type of food in particular Yes, Caribbean food please. There is no matching restaurant. Would you like to change your search criteria? What about a restaurant that serves european food? I found 2 expensive european restaurants and 1 expensive modern european restaurant. Which kind would you prefer? I don't have a preference. Okay, I can book your table at Eraina. They serve european food. How many in your party, what day and time please? I would like to book for Tuesday at 12:45. Are you looking to book for just yourself? Yes. Just one person. Great your reference number is 2K1P6FTA . Thank you. I also need to find a train from stansted airport to cambridge that arrives by 8:00 on tuesday. Alright, there are three different trains leaving that morning that will get you there on time. Each one has a duration of twenty-eight minutes, should I book one of them? Yes please, just one ticket. Could I get the reference number for the train you book please? OK, I've booked you 1 ticket on TR0514, departing stansted airport at 7:24 and arriving cambridge at 7:52. The reference number is P1C2KKFQ . Total fee is 10.1 GBP. Perfect, thank you!
34 answer> s there anything else I can help you with?Is there anything else I can help you with today?
35 context>  I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre. I can recommend several restaurants in the centre of town. Are you looking for any type of food in particular Yes, Caribbean food please. There is no matching restaurant. Would you like to change your search criteria? What about a restaurant that serves european food? I found 2 expensive european restaurants and 1 expensive modern european restaurant. Which kind would you prefer? I don't have a preference. Okay, I can book your table at Eraina. They serve european food. How many in your party, what day and time please? I would like to book for Tuesday at 12:45. Are you looking to book for just yourself? Yes. Just one person. Great your reference number is 2K1P6FTA . Thank you. I also need to find a train from stansted airport to cambridge that arrives by 8:00 on tuesday. Alright, there are three different trains leaving that morning that will get you there on time. Each one has a duration of twenty-eight minutes, should I book one of them? Yes please, just one ticket. Could I get the reference number for the train you book please? OK, I've booked you 1 ticket on TR0514, departing stansted airport at 7:24 and arriving cambridge at 7:52. The reference number is P1C2KKFQ . Total fee is 10.1 GBP. Perfect, thank you! Is there anything else I can do for you? No, thank so much for all your help.
35 answer> ave a great day.You're welcome. Have a great day!
36 context> I want general information on places to go in the centre area of town.
36 answer>  What type of attraction are you interested in?There are [choice] attractions in the [area]. What type of attraction are you interested in?
37 context>  I want general information on places to go in the centre area of town. There are many attractions available, including architecture, theatre, swimming pools, parks, night clubs, museums, and cinemas. What are you most interested in? It doesn't really matter, maybe a museum? I'll need the entrance fee also please.
37 answer> [name] is a [entrancefee] [type] in the [area].
38 context>  I want general information on places to go in the centre area of town. There are many attractions available, including architecture, theatre, swimming pools, parks, night clubs, museums, and cinemas. What are you most interested in? It doesn't really matter, maybe a museum? I'll need the entrance fee also please. i would recommend primavera located in 10 king s parade, cb21sj. phone number is 01223357708. Okay. Can you find me a train to Broxbourne. I need to arrive by 21:00.
38 answer> What day will you travel?
39 context>  I want general information on places to go in the centre area of town. There are many attractions available, including architecture, theatre, swimming pools, parks, night clubs, museums, and cinemas. What are you most interested in? It doesn't really matter, maybe a museum? I'll need the entrance fee also please. i would recommend primavera located in 10 king s parade, cb21sj. phone number is 01223357708. Okay. Can you find me a train to Broxbourne. I need to arrive by 21:00. Where will you be departing from? I'm leaving from Cambridge
39 answer> .What day will you be traveling?
40 context>  I want general information on places to go in the centre area of town. There are many attractions available, including architecture, theatre, swimming pools, parks, night clubs, museums, and cinemas. What are you most interested in? It doesn't really matter, maybe a museum? I'll need the entrance fee also please. i would recommend primavera located in 10 king s parade, cb21sj. phone number is 01223357708. Okay. Can you find me a train to Broxbourne. I need to arrive by 21:00. Where will you be departing from? I'm leaving from Cambridge The first train leaves at 5:01. Ok, I need to book the train for 6 people please.
40 answer> I have [choice] trains that will arrive by [arriveby]. What day would you like to travel?
41 context>  I want general information on places to go in the centre area of town. There are many attractions available, including architecture, theatre, swimming pools, parks, night clubs, museums, and cinemas. What are you most interested in? It doesn't really matter, maybe a museum? I'll need the entrance fee also please. i would recommend primavera located in 10 king s parade, cb21sj. phone number is 01223357708. Okay. Can you find me a train to Broxbourne. I need to arrive by 21:00. Where will you be departing from? I'm leaving from Cambridge The first train leaves at 5:01. Ok, I need to book the train for 6 people please. Booking was successful, the total fee is 107.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : AEE0QDGA . Is there anything else I can help with? No. You took care of everything. Thanks. Goodbye.
41 answer> ank you for using our service today.
42 context> i want information about a place i can see local attractions.
42 answer>  What type of attraction are you interested in?There are [choice] attractions in Cambridge. What type of attraction are you interested in?
43 context>  i want information about a place i can see local attractions. Okay! What part of town would you like to visit? Come to think of it, let's put that off for now. I was thinking of trying some new cuisine while we are in town. Something expensive.
43 answer>  I have [choice] options. Do you have a preference for the area?I recommend [name] in the [area].
44 context>  i want information about a place i can see local attractions. Okay! What part of town would you like to visit? Come to think of it, let's put that off for now. I was thinking of trying some new cuisine while we are in town. Something expensive. Okay! What cuisine would you like to try? I've got a couple of Jamaican buddies and I want to make them feel at home.
44 answer> I'm sorry, there are no [food] places in town. Would you like to try something else?
45 context>  i want information about a place i can see local attractions. Okay! What part of town would you like to visit? Come to think of it, let's put that off for now. I was thinking of trying some new cuisine while we are in town. Something expensive. Okay! What cuisine would you like to try? I've got a couple of Jamaican buddies and I want to make them feel at home. We don't have any expensive Jamaican places in town. Do you want to try something else? How about something that serves African food?
45 answer> I'm sorry, there are no [food] places [area]. Would you like to try something else?
46 context>  i want information about a place i can see local attractions. Okay! What part of town would you like to visit? Come to think of it, let's put that off for now. I was thinking of trying some new cuisine while we are in town. Something expensive. Okay! What cuisine would you like to try? I've got a couple of Jamaican buddies and I want to make them feel at home. We don't have any expensive Jamaican places in town. Do you want to try something else? How about something that serves African food? The Bedouin in the city centre is an expensive African restaurant. Would you like me to book it for you? I don't need a table right now, but I do need the postcode and phone number for that restaurant.
46 answer>  Their phone number is [phone] and postcode is [postcode].The phone number is [phone].
47 context>  i want information about a place i can see local attractions. Okay! What part of town would you like to visit? Come to think of it, let's put that off for now. I was thinking of trying some new cuisine while we are in town. Something expensive. Okay! What cuisine would you like to try? I've got a couple of Jamaican buddies and I want to make them feel at home. We don't have any expensive Jamaican places in town. Do you want to try something else? How about something that serves African food? The Bedouin in the city centre is an expensive African restaurant. Would you like me to book it for you? I don't need a table right now, but I do need the postcode and phone number for that restaurant. the phone number is 01223367660 and the postcode is cb12bd Thanks for that info. I also need attractions in the same section of town as the restaurant. Do you have any boat activities?
47 answer> Yes, there are [choice] [type] attractions in the [area]. What type of attraction would you like to visit?
48 context>  i want information about a place i can see local attractions. Okay! What part of town would you like to visit? Come to think of it, let's put that off for now. I was thinking of trying some new cuisine while we are in town. Something expensive. Okay! What cuisine would you like to try? I've got a couple of Jamaican buddies and I want to make them feel at home. We don't have any expensive Jamaican places in town. Do you want to try something else? How about something that serves African food? The Bedouin in the city centre is an expensive African restaurant. Would you like me to book it for you? I don't need a table right now, but I do need the postcode and phone number for that restaurant. the phone number is 01223367660 and the postcode is cb12bd Thanks for that info. I also need attractions in the same section of town as the restaurant. Do you have any boat activities? There are 2 in that area. They are Scudamores Punting Co and The Cambridge Punter. I want to try Scudamores Punting Co. What is their postcode and phone number, please?
48 answer> Their phone number is [phone] and their postcode is [postcode].
49 context>  i want information about a place i can see local attractions. Okay! What part of town would you like to visit? Come to think of it, let's put that off for now. I was thinking of trying some new cuisine while we are in town. Something expensive. Okay! What cuisine would you like to try? I've got a couple of Jamaican buddies and I want to make them feel at home. We don't have any expensive Jamaican places in town. Do you want to try something else? How about something that serves African food? The Bedouin in the city centre is an expensive African restaurant. Would you like me to book it for you? I don't need a table right now, but I do need the postcode and phone number for that restaurant. the phone number is 01223367660 and the postcode is cb12bd Thanks for that info. I also need attractions in the same section of town as the restaurant. Do you have any boat activities? There are 2 in that area. They are Scudamores Punting Co and The Cambridge Punter. I want to try Scudamores Punting Co. What is their postcode and phone number, please? The postcode is cb21rs, and the phone number is 01223359750 cool, thanks. i don't need anything more. see ya!
49 answer> Okay, have a great day!
50 context> I'm looking to play a variety of sports. Are there facilities that cater to that?
50 answer>  I'm sorry, there are no [type] attractions in the area. Would you like to try another area?There are [choice] [type] attractions in the [area]. [choice] are [entrancefee] and [choice] is [entrancefee].
51 context>  I'm looking to play a variety of sports. Are there facilities that cater to that? Yes, there is one such facility, The Cherry Hinton Village Centre, located at colville road, cherry hinton in the east side of town. Do you have anything like that in the centre?
51 answer> Yes, there is [name] in the [area]. Would you like more information about it?
52 context>  I'm looking to play a variety of sports. Are there facilities that cater to that? Yes, there is one such facility, The Cherry Hinton Village Centre, located at colville road, cherry hinton in the east side of town. Do you have anything like that in the centre? Unfortunately, we do not. What about a museum in the center?
52 answer>  There are [choice] [type] in the [area].I would recommend [name].
53 context>  I'm looking to play a variety of sports. Are there facilities that cater to that? Yes, there is one such facility, The Cherry Hinton Village Centre, located at colville road, cherry hinton in the east side of town. Do you have anything like that in the centre? Unfortunately, we do not. What about a museum in the center? I have listings for 5, can i recommend one? Yes please, and I'm going to need the address.
53 answer> [name] is a wonderful [type] in the [area]. It is located at [address].
54 context>  I'm looking to play a variety of sports. Are there facilities that cater to that? Yes, there is one such facility, The Cherry Hinton Village Centre, located at colville road, cherry hinton in the east side of town. Do you have anything like that in the centre? Unfortunately, we do not. What about a museum in the center? I have listings for 5, can i recommend one? Yes please, and I'm going to need the address. You may want to try castle galleries. What is their address?
54 answer> [name] is located at [address].
55 context>  I'm looking to play a variety of sports. Are there facilities that cater to that? Yes, there is one such facility, The Cherry Hinton Village Centre, located at colville road, cherry hinton in the east side of town. Do you have anything like that in the centre? Unfortunately, we do not. What about a museum in the center? I have listings for 5, can i recommend one? Yes please, and I'm going to need the address. You may want to try castle galleries. What is their address? The Castle Galleries is located at Unit SU43, Grande Arcade, Saint Andrews Street. It's in the City Centre. Okay, that sounds great. I also need a train that leaves on Sunday after 17:30 from Cambridge going to Stevenage.
55 answer> There are [choice] trains that match your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by departure time or arrival time?
56 context>  I'm looking to play a variety of sports. Are there facilities that cater to that? Yes, there is one such facility, The Cherry Hinton Village Centre, located at colville road, cherry hinton in the east side of town. Do you have anything like that in the centre? Unfortunately, we do not. What about a museum in the center? I have listings for 5, can i recommend one? Yes please, and I'm going to need the address. You may want to try castle galleries. What is their address? The Castle Galleries is located at Unit SU43, Grande Arcade, Saint Andrews Street. It's in the City Centre. Okay, that sounds great. I also need a train that leaves on Sunday after 17:30 from Cambridge going to Stevenage. I have train TR8726 that would leave at 19:21 and get you to Stevenage at 20:10. Would that work for you? Yeah, can you book 4 tickets for me?
56 answer> Booking was successful, the total fee is [price] payable at the station. Reference number is : [ref].
57 context>  I'm looking to play a variety of sports. Are there facilities that cater to that? Yes, there is one such facility, The Cherry Hinton Village Centre, located at colville road, cherry hinton in the east side of town. Do you have anything like that in the centre? Unfortunately, we do not. What about a museum in the center? I have listings for 5, can i recommend one? Yes please, and I'm going to need the address. You may want to try castle galleries. What is their address? The Castle Galleries is located at Unit SU43, Grande Arcade, Saint Andrews Street. It's in the City Centre. Okay, that sounds great. I also need a train that leaves on Sunday after 17:30 from Cambridge going to Stevenage. I have train TR8726 that would leave at 19:21 and get you to Stevenage at 20:10. Would that work for you? Yeah, can you book 4 tickets for me? Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.96 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : MVFN99UC . Thanks a bunch! I couldn't have done it without you. Bye.
57 answer> u're welcome. Have a great day!
58 context> Are there any accommodations in the east part of town that off free parking?
58 answer> There are [choice] [type] and [choice] [type] in the [area] part of town that offer parking. Do you have a preference?
59 context>  Are there any accommodations in the east part of town that off free parking? I have 6 places. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel? I want it to be a hotel and also include free wifi.
59 answer> I have [choice] [type] that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by price range or star rating?
60 context>  Are there any accommodations in the east part of town that off free parking? I have 6 places. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel? I want it to be a hotel and also include free wifi. I have the express by holiday inn cambridge. Would you like me to book it for you? What is their star rating?
60 answer> It has a [stars] star rating.
61 context>  Are there any accommodations in the east part of town that off free parking? I have 6 places. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel? I want it to be a hotel and also include free wifi. I have the express by holiday inn cambridge. Would you like me to book it for you? What is their star rating? it has a two star rating Can you also tell me the address?
61 answer> [name] is a [stars] star [type] in the [area] with free parking. The address is [address].
62 context>  Are there any accommodations in the east part of town that off free parking? I have 6 places. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel? I want it to be a hotel and also include free wifi. I have the express by holiday inn cambridge. Would you like me to book it for you? What is their star rating? it has a two star rating Can you also tell me the address? It is located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. I need a train, as well. It should leave on tuesday and go to london liverpool street.
62 answer> What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
63 context>  Are there any accommodations in the east part of town that off free parking? I have 6 places. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel? I want it to be a hotel and also include free wifi. I have the express by holiday inn cambridge. Would you like me to book it for you? What is their star rating? it has a two star rating Can you also tell me the address? It is located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. I need a train, as well. It should leave on tuesday and go to london liverpool street. great, what is your departure site? My departure site is Cambridge please.
63 answer> What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
64 context>  Are there any accommodations in the east part of town that off free parking? I have 6 places. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel? I want it to be a hotel and also include free wifi. I have the express by holiday inn cambridge. Would you like me to book it for you? What is their star rating? it has a two star rating Can you also tell me the address? It is located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. I need a train, as well. It should leave on tuesday and go to london liverpool street. great, what is your departure site? My departure site is Cambridge please. And what time will you be needing to leave after or arrive by? I will need to leave after 15:45
64 answer> I have a train leaving at [leaveat] and arriving at [arriveby]. Would you like me to book that for you?
65 context>  Are there any accommodations in the east part of town that off free parking? I have 6 places. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel? I want it to be a hotel and also include free wifi. I have the express by holiday inn cambridge. Would you like me to book it for you? What is their star rating? it has a two star rating Can you also tell me the address? It is located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. I need a train, as well. It should leave on tuesday and go to london liverpool street. great, what is your departure site? My departure site is Cambridge please. And what time will you be needing to leave after or arrive by? I will need to leave after 15:45 TR4276 leaves at 15:59, will this option work for you? Yes that train will work for me.
65 answer> How many tickets will you need?
66 context>  Are there any accommodations in the east part of town that off free parking? I have 6 places. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel? I want it to be a hotel and also include free wifi. I have the express by holiday inn cambridge. Would you like me to book it for you? What is their star rating? it has a two star rating Can you also tell me the address? It is located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. I need a train, as well. It should leave on tuesday and go to london liverpool street. great, what is your departure site? My departure site is Cambridge please. And what time will you be needing to leave after or arrive by? I will need to leave after 15:45 TR4276 leaves at 15:59, will this option work for you? Yes that train will work for me. for how many people do i book? Just one person please and I need a reference number
66 answer> Your booking was successful. The total fee is [price] payable at the station. Your reference number is [ref].
67 context>  Are there any accommodations in the east part of town that off free parking? I have 6 places. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel? I want it to be a hotel and also include free wifi. I have the express by holiday inn cambridge. Would you like me to book it for you? What is their star rating? it has a two star rating Can you also tell me the address? It is located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. I need a train, as well. It should leave on tuesday and go to london liverpool street. great, what is your departure site? My departure site is Cambridge please. And what time will you be needing to leave after or arrive by? I will need to leave after 15:45 TR4276 leaves at 15:59, will this option work for you? Yes that train will work for me. for how many people do i book? Just one person please and I need a reference number I have booked one seat on TR4276. Your reference number is FKIX0BCE . Can I be of further assistance? Great, thank you. That is all I need.
67 answer> Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
68 context>  Are there any accommodations in the east part of town that off free parking? I have 6 places. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel? I want it to be a hotel and also include free wifi. I have the express by holiday inn cambridge. Would you like me to book it for you? What is their star rating? it has a two star rating Can you also tell me the address? It is located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. I need a train, as well. It should leave on tuesday and go to london liverpool street. great, what is your departure site? My departure site is Cambridge please. And what time will you be needing to leave after or arrive by? I will need to leave after 15:45 TR4276 leaves at 15:59, will this option work for you? Yes that train will work for me. for how many people do i book? Just one person please and I need a reference number I have booked one seat on TR4276. Your reference number is FKIX0BCE . Can I be of further assistance? Great, thank you. That is all I need. Do you need a taxi? No, I think that was it. Have a good day.
68 answer> hank you for using our service. Have a great day!
69 context>  Are there any accommodations in the east part of town that off free parking? I have 6 places. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel? I want it to be a hotel and also include free wifi. I have the express by holiday inn cambridge. Would you like me to book it for you? What is their star rating? it has a two star rating Can you also tell me the address? It is located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. I need a train, as well. It should leave on tuesday and go to london liverpool street. great, what is your departure site? My departure site is Cambridge please. And what time will you be needing to leave after or arrive by? I will need to leave after 15:45 TR4276 leaves at 15:59, will this option work for you? Yes that train will work for me. for how many people do i book? Just one person please and I need a reference number I have booked one seat on TR4276. Your reference number is FKIX0BCE . Can I be of further assistance? Great, thank you. That is all I need. Do you need a taxi? No, I think that was it. Have a good day. you are welcome Thanks a gain for your help.
69 answer> hank you for using our service. Have a great day!
70 context>  Are there any accommodations in the east part of town that off free parking? I have 6 places. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel? I want it to be a hotel and also include free wifi. I have the express by holiday inn cambridge. Would you like me to book it for you? What is their star rating? it has a two star rating Can you also tell me the address? It is located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. I need a train, as well. It should leave on tuesday and go to london liverpool street. great, what is your departure site? My departure site is Cambridge please. And what time will you be needing to leave after or arrive by? I will need to leave after 15:45 TR4276 leaves at 15:59, will this option work for you? Yes that train will work for me. for how many people do i book? Just one person please and I need a reference number I have booked one seat on TR4276. Your reference number is FKIX0BCE . Can I be of further assistance? Great, thank you. That is all I need. Do you need a taxi? No, I think that was it. Have a good day. you are welcome Thanks a gain for your help. the pleasure is all mine Actually, I do need a taxi to get to the train station. Can you look one up for me?
70 answer>  can look that up for you. What time would you like to leave?
71 context>  Are there any accommodations in the east part of town that off free parking? I have 6 places. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel? I want it to be a hotel and also include free wifi. I have the express by holiday inn cambridge. Would you like me to book it for you? What is their star rating? it has a two star rating Can you also tell me the address? It is located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. I need a train, as well. It should leave on tuesday and go to london liverpool street. great, what is your departure site? My departure site is Cambridge please. And what time will you be needing to leave after or arrive by? I will need to leave after 15:45 TR4276 leaves at 15:59, will this option work for you? Yes that train will work for me. for how many people do i book? Just one person please and I need a reference number I have booked one seat on TR4276. Your reference number is FKIX0BCE . Can I be of further assistance? Great, thank you. That is all I need. Do you need a taxi? No, I think that was it. Have a good day. you are welcome Thanks a gain for your help. the pleasure is all mine Actually, I do need a taxi to get to the train station. Can you look one up for me? Wow just wow! Where will the taxi be from and what time? Sorry, my friend was talking to me while I was trying to get all of this taken care of. I have all the information I need. Have a nice day!
71 answer> hank you for using our service. Have a great day!
72 context> I need to book a train for Monday going to Cambridge please.
72 answer>  Where are you departing from?Where are you departing from?
73 context>  I need to book a train for Monday going to Cambridge please. There are quite a few trains that could suit your needs. Can you tell me where you would like to depart from? I'll be at London's Kings Cross and wanting to leave after 11:45 am.
73 answer> I have [choice] trains that can fit your needs. The earliest leaves at [leaveat] and the latest leaves at [leaveat]. Which would you prefer?
74 context>  I need to book a train for Monday going to Cambridge please. There are quite a few trains that could suit your needs. Can you tell me where you would like to depart from? I'll be at London's Kings Cross and wanting to leave after 11:45 am. There is a train that leaves London Kings Cross at 13:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:08. Does that time work for you? Yes, that sounds fine. Can you book me tickets for 8 people, please?
74 answer> I have booked your tickets. Your reference number is [ref]. Is there anything else I can help you with?
75 context>  I need to book a train for Monday going to Cambridge please. There are quite a few trains that could suit your needs. Can you tell me where you would like to depart from? I'll be at London's Kings Cross and wanting to leave after 11:45 am. There is a train that leaves London Kings Cross at 13:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:08. Does that time work for you? Yes, that sounds fine. Can you book me tickets for 8 people, please? Your booking was successful. The total fee is 188.8 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 2EGCVFWC Thank you goodbye
75 answer> Have a great day!
76 context>  I need to book a train for Monday going to Cambridge please. There are quite a few trains that could suit your needs. Can you tell me where you would like to depart from? I'll be at London's Kings Cross and wanting to leave after 11:45 am. There is a train that leaves London Kings Cross at 13:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:08. Does that time work for you? Yes, that sounds fine. Can you book me tickets for 8 people, please? Your booking was successful. The total fee is 188.8 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 2EGCVFWC Thank you goodbye Thank you and goodbye. Before you go, could you help me find an expensive restaurant in the city centre?
76 answer> There are [choice] [pricerange] restaurants in the [area]. Is there a particular type of food you would like?
77 context>  I need to book a train for Monday going to Cambridge please. There are quite a few trains that could suit your needs. Can you tell me where you would like to depart from? I'll be at London's Kings Cross and wanting to leave after 11:45 am. There is a train that leaves London Kings Cross at 13:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:08. Does that time work for you? Yes, that sounds fine. Can you book me tickets for 8 people, please? Your booking was successful. The total fee is 188.8 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 2EGCVFWC Thank you goodbye Thank you and goodbye. Before you go, could you help me find an expensive restaurant in the city centre? Do you have a preference for the type of food? Yes, I'd like some classic British cuisine.
77 answer> I have [choice] places that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by food type?
78 context>  I need to book a train for Monday going to Cambridge please. There are quite a few trains that could suit your needs. Can you tell me where you would like to depart from? I'll be at London's Kings Cross and wanting to leave after 11:45 am. There is a train that leaves London Kings Cross at 13:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:08. Does that time work for you? Yes, that sounds fine. Can you book me tickets for 8 people, please? Your booking was successful. The total fee is 188.8 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 2EGCVFWC Thank you goodbye Thank you and goodbye. Before you go, could you help me find an expensive restaurant in the city centre? Do you have a preference for the type of food? Yes, I'd like some classic British cuisine. Midsummer House Restaurant serves British food. Would you like me to book you a table? Yes, that place sounds perfect. If I could book for 8 on the same day at 15:00 it would be great.
78 answer>  Your reference number is [ref].I have booked your table for [bookpeople] at [name] on [bookday] at [booktime]. Your reference number is [ref]. Is there anything else I can help you with?
79 context>  I need to book a train for Monday going to Cambridge please. There are quite a few trains that could suit your needs. Can you tell me where you would like to depart from? I'll be at London's Kings Cross and wanting to leave after 11:45 am. There is a train that leaves London Kings Cross at 13:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:08. Does that time work for you? Yes, that sounds fine. Can you book me tickets for 8 people, please? Your booking was successful. The total fee is 188.8 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 2EGCVFWC Thank you goodbye Thank you and goodbye. Before you go, could you help me find an expensive restaurant in the city centre? Do you have a preference for the type of food? Yes, I'd like some classic British cuisine. Midsummer House Restaurant serves British food. Would you like me to book you a table? Yes, that place sounds perfect. If I could book for 8 on the same day at 15:00 it would be great. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : P0T1HLVC . Is there anything more I can do for you? That will be all. Thanks for your time. Bye.
79 answer> ou're welcome. Have a great day!
80 context> I need a train going to bishops stortford.
80 answer>  What day and time would you like to travel?What time would you like to depart?
81 context>  I need a train going to bishops stortford. Ok. and where are you departing from? I'll be departing from Cambridge.
81 answer> What day and time would you like to travel?
82 context>  I need a train going to bishops stortford. Ok. and where are you departing from? I'll be departing from Cambridge. And what day will you be traveling on? I would like to travel on Sunday.
82 answer> What time would you like to depart?
83 context>  I need a train going to bishops stortford. Ok. and where are you departing from? I'll be departing from Cambridge. And what day will you be traveling on? I would like to travel on Sunday. Is there a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by? I can't leave until after 20:30.
83 answer> I have a train leaving at [leaveat] and arriving at [arriveby]. Would you like to book that?
84 context>  I need a train going to bishops stortford. Ok. and where are you departing from? I'll be departing from Cambridge. And what day will you be traveling on? I would like to travel on Sunday. Is there a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by? I can't leave until after 20:30. TR1389 leaves at 21:29 Can you arrange travel for 7 people for TR1389 on Sunday?
84 answer> Your booking was successful, the total fee is [price] payable at the station. Reference number is : [ref].
85 context>  I need a train going to bishops stortford. Ok. and where are you departing from? I'll be departing from Cambridge. And what day will you be traveling on? I would like to travel on Sunday. Is there a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by? I can't leave until after 20:30. TR1389 leaves at 21:29 Can you arrange travel for 7 people for TR1389 on Sunday? Of course. The reference number is NI1LNIIP . The total fee is 56.56 which can be paid at the station. Great, thank you. I am also looking for a modern European restaurant.
85 answer> Do you have a price range in mind?We have [choice] options. Do you have a preference for area?
86 context>  I need a train going to bishops stortford. Ok. and where are you departing from? I'll be departing from Cambridge. And what day will you be traveling on? I would like to travel on Sunday. Is there a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by? I can't leave until after 20:30. TR1389 leaves at 21:29 Can you arrange travel for 7 people for TR1389 on Sunday? Of course. The reference number is NI1LNIIP . The total fee is 56.56 which can be paid at the station. Great, thank you. I am also looking for a modern European restaurant. I have 5 options for you. Do you have a price range in mind? Yes. It should be in the moderate price range.
86 answer>  would recommend [name]. Would you like me to book a table for you?
87 context>  I need a train going to bishops stortford. Ok. and where are you departing from? I'll be departing from Cambridge. And what day will you be traveling on? I would like to travel on Sunday. Is there a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by? I can't leave until after 20:30. TR1389 leaves at 21:29 Can you arrange travel for 7 people for TR1389 on Sunday? Of course. The reference number is NI1LNIIP . The total fee is 56.56 which can be paid at the station. Great, thank you. I am also looking for a modern European restaurant. I have 5 options for you. Do you have a price range in mind? Yes. It should be in the moderate price range. The three choices are Restaurant Alimentum, De Luca Cucina, and Riverside Brasserie. Do you require me to book the table? The Riverside Brasserie sounds good. Can you tell me the area they are located in?
87 answer> es, they are located in the [area].
88 context>  I need a train going to bishops stortford. Ok. and where are you departing from? I'll be departing from Cambridge. And what day will you be traveling on? I would like to travel on Sunday. Is there a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by? I can't leave until after 20:30. TR1389 leaves at 21:29 Can you arrange travel for 7 people for TR1389 on Sunday? Of course. The reference number is NI1LNIIP . The total fee is 56.56 which can be paid at the station. Great, thank you. I am also looking for a modern European restaurant. I have 5 options for you. Do you have a price range in mind? Yes. It should be in the moderate price range. The three choices are Restaurant Alimentum, De Luca Cucina, and Riverside Brasserie. Do you require me to book the table? The Riverside Brasserie sounds good. Can you tell me the area they are located in? Riverside Brasserie is located in the centre. Can I help you with anything else today? I don't know that area very well, can you give me the exact address? I'll use gps to get there. Thanks!
88 answer> he address is [address].
89 context>  I need a train going to bishops stortford. Ok. and where are you departing from? I'll be departing from Cambridge. And what day will you be traveling on? I would like to travel on Sunday. Is there a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by? I can't leave until after 20:30. TR1389 leaves at 21:29 Can you arrange travel for 7 people for TR1389 on Sunday? Of course. The reference number is NI1LNIIP . The total fee is 56.56 which can be paid at the station. Great, thank you. I am also looking for a modern European restaurant. I have 5 options for you. Do you have a price range in mind? Yes. It should be in the moderate price range. The three choices are Restaurant Alimentum, De Luca Cucina, and Riverside Brasserie. Do you require me to book the table? The Riverside Brasserie sounds good. Can you tell me the area they are located in? Riverside Brasserie is located in the centre. Can I help you with anything else today? I don't know that area very well, can you give me the exact address? I'll use gps to get there. Thanks! Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane is the address What area is that in?
89 answer> t is in the [area].
90 context>  I need a train going to bishops stortford. Ok. and where are you departing from? I'll be departing from Cambridge. And what day will you be traveling on? I would like to travel on Sunday. Is there a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by? I can't leave until after 20:30. TR1389 leaves at 21:29 Can you arrange travel for 7 people for TR1389 on Sunday? Of course. The reference number is NI1LNIIP . The total fee is 56.56 which can be paid at the station. Great, thank you. I am also looking for a modern European restaurant. I have 5 options for you. Do you have a price range in mind? Yes. It should be in the moderate price range. The three choices are Restaurant Alimentum, De Luca Cucina, and Riverside Brasserie. Do you require me to book the table? The Riverside Brasserie sounds good. Can you tell me the area they are located in? Riverside Brasserie is located in the centre. Can I help you with anything else today? I don't know that area very well, can you give me the exact address? I'll use gps to get there. Thanks! Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane is the address What area is that in? It is located in the centre, would you like a reservation? No thank you, I will just need the area and address, can you confirm both of those please?
90 answer> es, [name] is in the [area] and the address is [address].
91 context>  I need a train going to bishops stortford. Ok. and where are you departing from? I'll be departing from Cambridge. And what day will you be traveling on? I would like to travel on Sunday. Is there a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by? I can't leave until after 20:30. TR1389 leaves at 21:29 Can you arrange travel for 7 people for TR1389 on Sunday? Of course. The reference number is NI1LNIIP . The total fee is 56.56 which can be paid at the station. Great, thank you. I am also looking for a modern European restaurant. I have 5 options for you. Do you have a price range in mind? Yes. It should be in the moderate price range. The three choices are Restaurant Alimentum, De Luca Cucina, and Riverside Brasserie. Do you require me to book the table? The Riverside Brasserie sounds good. Can you tell me the area they are located in? Riverside Brasserie is located in the centre. Can I help you with anything else today? I don't know that area very well, can you give me the exact address? I'll use gps to get there. Thanks! Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane is the address What area is that in? It is located in the centre, would you like a reservation? No thank you, I will just need the area and address, can you confirm both of those please? Sure. The Riverside Brasserie is located in the center area of town and the address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Anything else today? That's it, thank you very much for your help.
91 answer> ou're welcome. Have a great day!
92 context>  I need a train going to bishops stortford. Ok. and where are you departing from? I'll be departing from Cambridge. And what day will you be traveling on? I would like to travel on Sunday. Is there a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by? I can't leave until after 20:30. TR1389 leaves at 21:29 Can you arrange travel for 7 people for TR1389 on Sunday? Of course. The reference number is NI1LNIIP . The total fee is 56.56 which can be paid at the station. Great, thank you. I am also looking for a modern European restaurant. I have 5 options for you. Do you have a price range in mind? Yes. It should be in the moderate price range. The three choices are Restaurant Alimentum, De Luca Cucina, and Riverside Brasserie. Do you require me to book the table? The Riverside Brasserie sounds good. Can you tell me the area they are located in? Riverside Brasserie is located in the centre. Can I help you with anything else today? I don't know that area very well, can you give me the exact address? I'll use gps to get there. Thanks! Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane is the address What area is that in? It is located in the centre, would you like a reservation? No thank you, I will just need the area and address, can you confirm both of those please? Sure. The Riverside Brasserie is located in the center area of town and the address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Anything else today? That's it, thank you very much for your help. It seems there was a glitch in our system. Let me just confirm with you...is there anything else I can help you with today? That's okay. I know how that is sometimes. That was it. Thanks for your help and have a great day.
92 answer> hank you for using our system!
93 context> I'd like to find a train from Leiceter on Saturday.
93 answer> Sure, I can help you with that. Did you have a destination in mind?
94 context>  I'd like to find a train from Leiceter on Saturday. Where will you be heading? I am going to cambridge and need to leave after 12:00
94 answer> .I have [choice] trains available. What time would you like to arrive by?
95 context>  I'd like to find a train from Leiceter on Saturday. Where will you be heading? I am going to cambridge and need to leave after 12:00 The TR7248 leaves at 12:09, would you like a ticket on that train? I don't need to book just yet. But can I get the arrival time and price per ticket.
95 answer> The arrival time is [arriveby] and the ticket price is [price].
96 context>  I'd like to find a train from Leiceter on Saturday. Where will you be heading? I am going to cambridge and need to leave after 12:00 The TR7248 leaves at 12:09, would you like a ticket on that train? I don't need to book just yet. But can I get the arrival time and price per ticket. Yes the train arrives in Cambridge at 13:54 and the total cost of the journey is 30.24 pounds. Okay great. That is all I needed to know.
96 answer> The price is [price].
97 context> I'm looking for a nice place to stay, somewhere expensive and luxurious with all the amenities like free wifi. Can you recommend something like that?
97 answer> I recommend the [name]. It is a [stars] star [type] in the [area].
98 context>  I'm looking for a nice place to stay, somewhere expensive and luxurious with all the amenities like free wifi. Can you recommend something like that? i have at least five options for you. do you need free parking too? I don't need it, but either way. As long as the hotel is expensive and has free wifi I don't mind. Are any located in the centre?
98 answer> I have [choice] [type] that match your criteria. Do you have a preference on star rating?
99 context>  I'm looking for a nice place to stay, somewhere expensive and luxurious with all the amenities like free wifi. Can you recommend something like that? i have at least five options for you. do you need free parking too? I don't need it, but either way. As long as the hotel is expensive and has free wifi I don't mind. Are any located in the centre? Yes, I recommend the University Arms Hotel. Would you like ma to make a reservation for you? No may I just have the postcode and star rating of the hotel.
99 answer>  It is a [stars] star hotel. The postcode is [postcode] and the star rating is [stars].[name] is a [stars] star hotel.
100 context>  I'm looking for a nice place to stay, somewhere expensive and luxurious with all the amenities like free wifi. Can you recommend something like that? i have at least five options for you. do you need free parking too? I don't need it, but either way. As long as the hotel is expensive and has free wifi I don't mind. Are any located in the centre? Yes, I recommend the University Arms Hotel. Would you like ma to make a reservation for you? No may I just have the postcode and star rating of the hotel. Sure, their postcode is cb21ad and it's rated 4 stars. Also, i need a train on Tuesday around 09:45.
100 answer> I can help with that. What are your departure and arrival stations?